{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hello.\
This is future as as future as per our project right?\
Yes, welcome to Future as per How can I help you?\
Yeah, I just want to know your director, company person or marketing agent.\
No, we are from directly from the builder side itself.\
I want to know like.\
Miss Miss Mamata, right.\
Yeah, I am looking for as only, yeah.\
Actually you have enquired to our website Google.\
Yes Sir. I just want to know like you have this 43 BHK for which K villas that is the plot also is available or the villa only?\
So actually this is a villa project. We are not providing only the plots here. We will be providing you the plot along with the villa you can register your plot.\
In your name what I mean to say?\
Only the product will.\
Be constructed or we can take empty land also as.\
A No its not, no its not possible. Its a villa project. You will be getting along with the villa itself here.\
Okay okay. So that is what three and four BHK Villa Constructor will be giving.\
Yes. And also the floor plan. Yeah that like given the floor plan will be the same actually when you are buying the villa that all the villas will be of the same model, right. So I I will be sharing you the this one floor plan of our villa and also once you visit we have your model villa.\
Any ready or real flat except the eliminated one you have.\
I I will share it to you.\
Any video or something?\
See, I am having this tentative plan to go for some sort of finalizing way. So can you tell me what is the location exactly? This place is like, yeah.\
So exact location is Do you know Chandapura location? Chandapura Junction?\
I can remember of that Chandapura market entry that.\
From there you need to take, right. That is Anekal Rd. Chandapura Anekal Rd.\
And any other standard landmark if you can tell me.\
See from electronicity if you are travelling.\
Okay, no and in from the market itself, but still there I am aware.\
Okay from the There is a junction right. If you continue in the same Rd. you will be reaching Mussoor Okay. If you take left, you will be reaching Sarjapura. If you take right, you will be reaching Anekal Okay.\
Towards right you.\
Need to, right? Yeah, So you should take Chandapur to Anekal Rd. If you take Anekal Rd. its five kilometers from Chandapura market.\
Okay, that particular place lies in Chandapura pin code only. Sorry Anekal pin code or what is?\
Yeah, Anekal location, but the proper location is Marsur Mysandra location. There is a Marsur gate actually location where you can find that, yes, maam.\
Ma marsur village panchayat itmay form or how it is.\
Yes, there is a panchayat actually.\
Marsur, right?\
Yeah, Okay.\
Because.\
Yeah.\
In that road you will be getting that one Panchat office too.\
I just wanted to know it is under village panchat which villages inside?\
But approval wise, you have Rara approval and also BMRDA approved. That is the standard.\
Maam I am not bothered about it. I was only wondering madsoor I had seen on the map so I did not know that idloor and mysoor what is the distance?\
If you can tell me or are you aware of that Eglore Eglore is in?\
Bellandur right near to Bellandur Manipal Hospital.\
One comes this side also. Anyway, I think I see the lay side or something. You.\
Are saying about eglore, right?\
Eglore only I dont know how to pronounce.\
It no there is one more place name that is Eglore IB.\
Is.\
Different ID ibullur, falls and bellandur which I am aware.\
Okay.\
Okay, I am very much aware Igloor is IG. I am talking about IG Igloo.\
Yeah. So from Igloo village, it is around 4 kilometers to this property.\
Okay, this also falls on the right side of your location only, yeah?\
Right side but it is Igloo is very near to the main road it is This project is around 2 kilometers from the main Rd.\
There is.\
Two to four, whatever. But it is about 3-4 kilometers inside from the main road. Main road? You mean to say okay?\
Not Santa Pura Market and from Santa Pura Anikal Main Road. It is 2 kilometers from Santa Pura junction. Its overall 5 kilometers for this property.\
Honestly me being the native of Bangalore, I am not aware of these outer areas of Bangalore and with range and brought up in inside the sea. So these are the places been heard as a native.\
But I am not seeing this place. I have gone to one of my cousins living in Chandapur. I really dont know the in and out of Chandapura. Some layout you are giving its very much I can forget you.\
Are looking for a property in the same Chandapura location itself.\
Or you have what what exactly we are planning. I am currently living in DLR so I have a two BHK apartment here and I am looking for some sort of villa.\
In a way which is near to this link road for some reason work place in that case I am not looking for you have any other projects projects also you can suggest me.\
Or you know whatever and what is the status of the project, like it is yet to start and when?\
You. So we have recently started its already, yeah we have already launched it like its been two months actually after launch and.\
What it means is simply and let me tell you, sorry to interrupt you. I want to say they will put the layout, but it is liveable in the sense where everything is normal to live. You know like there is a shop and there is a security in place and there is a people living in normal way.\
That is the type or some layouts which have been specially made right away now and it will be then ready by three years, four years as liveable. You know that will. So I am just putting my drought. Please clarify me.\
Yeah yeah its not like that. So here the land, everything is already developed together. Okay.\
And even the Villas Villas position will be around 8 to 10 months possession time soon after the registration of the plot. Okay. As of now we have our model will already here. Other than that there is no Villas here. And why? Because we have recently launched it and the people who have already booked and soon after the registration will be starting the construction Okay. Yeah.\
So 8 to 10.\
8 to 10 months will be the position time soon after the.\
Registration of the bank.\
You will be having some two to three parks here inside the project. Other than that you dont have any other amenities.\
Okay okay, you are just making the residential community living and with the park as a basic thing and rest everything water and light and the sea beds and the security as a gated community. So total project is how many villas you are planning.\
Okay. See my purpose is that as a Bombay we being a native also we do have investments in Bombay. I live there for 20 years. My purpose is that as per Bangalore I am living in apartment. I am just thinking like some sort of garden sort of scope. Do you have that in your plot area or it is all constructed area?\
Madam Private garden, what we can make you the No, actually.\
Its not like we are not providing that private garden.\
Okay all the 1500 SFT you will be giving as a constructed 1 only.\
That will.\
Be giving the basic that case needed next to next to the Bilaji.\
Okay.\
Okay, what is the maximum best price you are offering?\
The pricing.\
Part only, just a just a second while because somebody is at the door and I want to get it clarified before I go ahead with other option.\
Okay, see here I can give you only the quoted price what I have said in one point.\
Two, what I mean to say maximum possible discount or some sort of offer if we have the payment fraction different way the price is.\
Negotiable, yeah. Price is negotiable. But.\
Regarding the pricing part, only our relationship manager can help you with that. The person who is going to assist you in the property Okay and once you visit, once you they will be briefing about the property, right? They will explain you all about the property, they will show you the motor villa. After that you can discuss on the pricing and I cannot help you with the pricing part here, no.\
No, no. What I mean to say, some people will tell there is a scope for payment, you know, 816.\
One second 9965565 okay. I was just only asking you okay payment part. You said you only able to tell us thats okay okay. So because my purpose is that if it is 2 plots also empty we were thinking to invest it.\
That is what I have the some shortlisted property as I said I have listed deal also. Only thing I did see your location comparatively for my currency which is why because I am not looking for anything as a investment.\
I am So what I can do is I will share you all the details No maam this is the only project what we have here and future there will be other projects to near to this project.\
But they will not.\
Near to this project itself in future but.\
You dont have anything this side in jigani SEC also.\
No, no, no maam in near to Jigani. There is no property. Okay.\
Okay because I do see mostly it is all coming up on non equal side only.\
Yeah, there are many projects actually in Chandapur, Anekal or even Jugni, Anekal.\
Road I have displayed Anekal Rd. is the entirely new thing for me. First time in the I will just check out but as of now you have only 29 in that it is all booked or it is still weakened.\
No, out of like a 29 we have like around 11:50 booking already done and we have like few units left inside this project.\
Sir, what is the locality in and around already? People are there or its isolated?\
Already there families are already there. There are many, many family like many houses and also there is one more gated community nearby and yeah, the many people are.\
I am coming out of the time because my husband is already shortlifted, as I said.\
So if we finalize this but this weekend also I still wanted to have a look but I will try my my Max this one because ultimately for me I have been offered with 1400 and 16102 plots okay so that is not my thing. My thing is that we have the requirement if it is empty plot. Also given are we given the spoke to construct or if you are constructing if there is scope for a.\
A home garden or a kitchen garden for testing, you know.\
That is my priority.\
Because living in Bombay we only go for this because apartment is anywhere seen for 20 plus years. That is not my this one. It is just for getting connected to the kitchen garden or for testing. That is the proposal for doing this.\
So actually here we are not providing that garden private garden for your villa.\
And mostly you guys are doing nowadays the same pattern but after Korona only I shifted during Korona I think so I shifted to Bangalore. I am not able to really go and check out wide range of places in and around of this. I see that one is pride is there and Wakil is there and you guys are there so in this. So mostly it is all like either they have this ready made Villa.\
Been given with the limited option as you said there is no garden but also built up area that is what or if it is the empty plot also we can think about it. So I will not confirm you anything but I did see your project is nice as a location one is and otherwise but only my priority and my requirement is bit away like its not matching up. But still I I can give a short process for. I am not denying a problem is that.\
My husband is mostly tentatively scheduled for a finalizing one. Since I said I it was a spontaneous decision because I was even planning for agricultural land in outer Bangalore also near airport area, I have that in a parallel option also for that. So for immediate work purposes we are thinking this also is an option, you know?\
Actually looking for a garden?\
There is no point when I am holding a flat in DLS as my own flat and I have a work place which is about 3 kilometers. I am only looking a villa for my daily use garden, you know, that is my purpose basically. So if that is not solving, yeah, yeah.\
If your main preference in garden let me check I have one more option and I will connect with my team actually if there is any option.\
Let me know if you have anything of that sort.\
Any suggestions? Also you will come back to me on the same number end of the day if it is also fine because as I said my husband is very clear like.\
\'a0\
As the infrastructure, I will not give any points at all because its not a planned city as outer Bangalore exchange in which I will never expect Anyway that is the different level discussion. Pardon me.\
Where you are currently residing.\
I do residing in DLS. Is there?\
Which location it is?\
Yeah Maidan I. Its a new Beland I.\
That is Jigni Links Rd. near where? In okay okay okay.\
Yeah, I understand.\
So that it is location wise I am okay, I have nice lake view everything. Only thing I am considering you know my other remaining part of old days I really want to go into sort of gardening and those types of purposes. Nothing for any investment or future growth or something. I do have my moms place also in Kapuram, Ramamurthy, Nagar there.\
So that is what all the yeah yeah, because we have two plots over there, my parents. So if everything fails I am going to back to square to the old roads maintaining that really I dont want to be in the city, you know, honestly.\
I.\
Want to come one project as I told you working. But I havent come the other side of Chandapura because we were there here for all this 2-3 months in Durgalapur and Budhige reside Sachin.\
Farmland. Then I found the 2-3 extras will be too big for me. You know I dont want to go for that big land. If it is a small option I will go for 1/2 an acre or within one acre. But again it was getting delayed for some reasons. One brother is agreeing, other you know that litigations come in farmland. Those are the things. So now I decided as a villa option.\
So that is how I am just shortlisting, but my husband is already shortlisted 1 to do a payment so before that.\
There is a case or any other project?\
More see I did like the wakil way of concept. I am not denying you might be the same as well since I am not seen your place or something. I dont know much about your project. I have seen wakil 2-3 project Garden City you know that institute my friend resides that it.\
Is in Kanakpura Road right? Whether you are okay open to that location?\
Too no no no no no no no. What I need to say I have seen that project there so.\
I didn't like the way of villa development, you know, I mean to say basically I mean to say the way they created the infrastructure or the villa. Thats what I wanted to say. The location wise I am very clear. I want you to in Jingy Link road, possibly some 5 kilometers, 6 kilometers from a CC or Bomachandra.\
From.\
Yeah, yeah, definitely. I can help you with that. I will get back to you with the Like 1 Villa Villa project where.\
You can if it is not immediately. Also you can take time because for me it is not intermediate in the ready to move in sort of villa requirement.\
It will start location. It will be the position time actually soon after because the.\
Landing.\
I have my husband has got a limit of budget for this type of investment. This he has already planned. You tell me what will be a tentative one if he and all if you suggest me anything so that I can tell him to hold on on this.\
I didnt get you actually. Can you repeat that?\
No, no, no, no, no. What I mean to say, my husband has got two thoughts. One is that if it is a villa, plot been allotted.\
So that way we are buying the villa plot. We cannot constructing immediately, but the builder says no, I am giving the plot with the villa constructing, you know as you are insisting. So in that case it will not be two plot, it will be 1 plot with the villa construction what it so the budget has been kept like that. What is my point right?\
Yes, I got it. So if you are see if you are looking for a plot like Villa project 70.\
To 80,00,000 I would say maybe one year, one and half year. Not a hurry for me.\
Okay okay. Actually I need to check the project actually then I will get back to you on that.\
No worries, no worries if you have anything.\
This project details to your number whether this NUM it.\
Is not on WhatsApp. I can from this number you provide your.\
WhatsApp number so that I can share you the details to your number so that even after checking the details as you I have noted your requirement I will get some of the details and I will share it.\
To you because it is all for me also if it come all of a sudden like we were under this form of decision only, This is why.\
And he is in a hurry to finalize it before it. So you just take down 9022.\
9022.\
3/6.\
3/6.\
1/3.\
1/3.\
4/3 on that you can just tell me high end you can post the picture that is my WhatsApp number.\
Sure, 9022361343, right?\
Yeah anything else like say if you are having suggestion to my requirement, you know I said it. It is not immediately ready for position also I don't mind let it be some sort of.\
One year, one and half year also because down the line 2-3 years only. I want to utilize that full house at that time. As of now if it is ready it will be with the garden only I am looking for. Otherwise I will not be moving that from this place because I have done it recently only 2-3 years only. I have bought it in 2018. Since then there is no point just like that my colleague I have done to my choice only and it will be of no use just to move out.\
Garden is my purpose, so keep that as a priority if you have any plot with garden options.\
I have noted your requirements maam.\
Yeah sure. May I know your name so that I will understand when when you join me.\
Hello.\
Yeah, yeah I can. I know your name so that I will understand when you join me.\
Yeah, my name is Joel.\
Joyal Okay, nice talking to you. Joyal, thank you. Thank you. Hope so. We can myself something. Thank you. Thank you.\
Thank you.\
}